com/example/testing/ui/DocComment.java
 com.example.testing.ui.DocComment
com/example/testing/ui/PatientPrescriptionList.java
 com.example.testing.ui.PatientPrescriptionList
com/example/testing/ui/PrescriptionList.java
 com.example.testing.ui.PrescriptionList
com/example/testing/ui/All_Prescriptions.java
 com.example.testing.ui.All_Prescriptions
 com.example.testing.ui.All_Prescriptions$1
com/example/testing/ui/Prescription.java
 com.example.testing.ui.Prescription
com/example/testing/ui/AllComments.java
 com.example.testing.ui.AllComments
 com.example.testing.ui.AllComments$1
com/example/testing/ui/dataholder.java
 com.example.testing.ui.dataholder
com/example/testing/ui/PatientList.java
 com.example.testing.ui.PatientList
com/example/testing/ui/CommentList.java
 com.example.testing.ui.CommentList
com/example/testing/ui/Slot.java
 com.example.testing.ui.Slot
com/example/testing/ui/AcceptData.java
 com.example.testing.ui.AcceptData
 com.example.testing.ui.AcceptData$1
com/example/testing/ui/Register_Activity.java
 com.example.testing.ui.Register_Activity
 com.example.testing.ui.Register_Activity$1
 com.example.testing.ui.Register_Activity$1$1
com/example/testing/ui/Add_Prescription.java
 com.example.testing.ui.Add_Prescription
 com.example.testing.ui.Add_Prescription$1
com/example/testing/ui/Display_Patients.java
 com.example.testing.ui.Display_Patients
 com.example.testing.ui.Display_Patients$1
 com.example.testing.ui.Display_Patients$1$1
com/example/testing/ui/splash.java
 com.example.testing.ui.splash
 com.example.testing.ui.splash$1
com/example/testing/ui/Patient.java
 com.example.testing.ui.Patient
com/example/testing/ui/PatientDetails.java
 com.example.testing.ui.PatientDetails
 com.example.testing.ui.PatientDetails$1
 com.example.testing.ui.PatientDetails$2
 com.example.testing.ui.PatientDetails$3
 com.example.testing.ui.PatientDetails$4
com/example/testing/ui/SlotList.java
 com.example.testing.ui.SlotList
com/example/testing/ui/user_forgot.java
 com.example.testing.ui.user_forgot
 com.example.testing.ui.user_forgot$1
 com.example.testing.ui.user_forgot$2
com/example/testing/ui/DocSchedule.java
 com.example.testing.ui.DocSchedule
 com.example.testing.ui.DocSchedule$1
com/example/testing/ui/DocSlots.java
 com.example.testing.ui.DocSlots
com/example/testing/ui/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.testing.ui.BuildConfig
com/example/testing/ui/AllSlots.java
 com.example.testing.ui.AllSlots
 com.example.testing.ui.AllSlots$1
 com.example.testing.ui.AllSlots$1$1
com/example/testing/ui/Dashboard.java
 com.example.testing.ui.Dashboard
 com.example.testing.ui.Dashboard$1
 com.example.testing.ui.Dashboard$2
 com.example.testing.ui.Dashboard$3
 com.example.testing.ui.Dashboard$4
 com.example.testing.ui.Dashboard$5
 com.example.testing.ui.Dashboard$6
com/example/testing/ui/Patient_Dashboard.java
 com.example.testing.ui.Patient_Dashboard
 com.example.testing.ui.Patient_Dashboard$1
 com.example.testing.ui.Patient_Dashboard$2
 com.example.testing.ui.Patient_Dashboard$3
 com.example.testing.ui.Patient_Dashboard$4
 com.example.testing.ui.Patient_Dashboard$5
 com.example.testing.ui.Patient_Dashboard$6
com/example/testing/ui/RunsOutReminder.java
 com.example.testing.ui.RunsOutReminder
com/example/testing/ui/MainActivity.java
 com.example.testing.ui.MainActivity
 com.example.testing.ui.MainActivity$1
 com.example.testing.ui.MainActivity$2
com/example/testing/ui/My_Prescriptions.java
 com.example.testing.ui.My_Prescriptions
 com.example.testing.ui.My_Prescriptions$1
 com.example.testing.ui.My_Prescriptions$1$1
